# leaflet-challenge

This a repository using JavaScript's Leaflet module to create a map based on earthquake data from the United States Geological Survey's website, https://www.usgs.gov/.  The USGS is responsible for providing scientific data about natural hazards, the health of our ecosystems and environment, and the impacts of climate and land-use change. Their scientists develop new methods and tools to supply timely, relevant, and useful information about the Earth and its processes.  This repository provides a way to visualize their data to assist with public education and potentially securing funding from government organizations to aid with environmental issues.

The repository contains an html file called index.html, a static folder containing two further folders with the css (style.css) and js (logic.js) files for the map code, and a README file.

Using the USGS website, worldwide earthquake data for the span of seven days was retreived and imported using JavaScript.  A map was created using Leaflet to plot the positions of the earthquake occurences based on the latitude and longitude data from the USGS dataset.  The size of the markers was set to reflect the magnitude data for each earthquake and the color of the markers was set on a gradient scale to reflect the depth of each earthquake.  Finally, popups were added to each marker on the map to include additional information about the earthquake when the marker is clicked and a legend was added to provide context for the map data.
